[Music]
hey party people
it's me Biddy welcome back to cooking
with Dede I am so excited today's a
great day we're going to make my famous
fried chicken and let me tell you this
fried chicken is very easy to make it's
so simple however it is so good that
it's going to knock the socks off anyone
you make it for if you have a boyfriend
it's gonna make it put a ring on it
or if you make it for your family
they're gonna be like oh my gosh this
girl is just or boy I have to like put
it out there to the boys out there who
are cooking as well it's gonna knock
everyone's socks off actually my son
made this a couple weeks ago for some
friends they went to a party and he made
it they said it was the best chicken
they'd ever had and yes mother's the
best thing you can do for your kids is
teach them how to cook especially your
boys because a lot of those girls aren't
cooking these days so anyway I'm gonna
run through the ingredients we're gonna
make this chicken and let's go okay
let's run through the very easy
ingredients you're gonna need about four
pounds of chicken today I'm using
drumsticks thighs and wings I have one
pound of drumsticks one pound of thighs
and about two pounds of wings then I
will need about one and a half to two
cups of buttermilk and this is three
cups of flour
and I have garlic salt black pepper
seasoning salt and paprika that's it if
you miss the ingredients which I hope
you didn't it's so easy I'm going to
show them to you now
[Music]
alright let's season the chicken I
usually start with my seasoning salt and
this is all to taste I don't really use
measurements here so I guess just try to
follow along with how much I'm putting
in here so I just put a layer of
seasoning salt over the top of the
chicken and I'm gonna repeat this a
couple times
I'm also then gonna add some pepper over
the top and since you're sticking this
in oil a lot of this kind of cooks off
the chicken so feel free to be a little
heavy-handed on the seasoning then I
have some garlic salt and again just a
light layer and now I'm adding some
paprika
all right now that the top layer is
covered washed hands I'm just going to
run my hands through this and try to get
the seasoning on all the chicken all
right and now we're going to add more
seasoning just wipe off my hands there a
little bit you don't want the raw
chicken on the seasoning bottles so I'm
going to repeat this time I'm just going
to start with the paprika then the
violets lots
and the pepper
[Music]
then the seasoning salt
all right so I'm just gonna run my hands
through this again make sure the
seasoning covers all the chicken all the
pieces here and you want to make sure
before you start seasoning that your
chicken is washed thoroughly I like to
cut a little bit of the extra skin off
and the facts all right so it looks like
it's seasoned pretty well the last step
to this is I take the chicken wing and I
make it kind of one little piece I wrap
the leg behind the back part of the
drumette
that way when you're frying it it just
stays kind of like one piece instead of
like the wing and the everything flying
all over the place makes it easier to
fry all right find all my wings in here
now I did a little more wings than
normal because my husband loves chicken
wings
[Music]
all right almost finished here look for
those wings that one's being a little
testy all right looks like I got all the
wings and I tuck those little suckers
back here's a one all right looks like
we're good to go
all right now that you have the
seasoning on it right my hands off you
want to let the seasoning sit in for
about I don't know 10 15 minutes prior
to frying and you also want to pour some
buttermilk over the seasoned chicken now
the butter and the chicken when it fries
it's going to make a big difference it's
gonna be so tender and juicy all right
so this little bugger didn't want to
stay back so again in the seasoning with
the buttermilk you want to mix it around
and make sure that every piece of
chicken is soaking in that buttermilk
there all right that looks pretty good
and just going to wipe my hands and at
this point you're going to want to heat
your oil and I like to heat it to about
350 380 and right now I'm gonna start at
about 360
and I'm going to preheat the oil well
all of the seasoning and the buttermilk
soaks into the chicken and we will start
flying probably in about 10 minutes
after the oil is warm see you soon okay
it's been about 10 minutes our oil has
been heating up and now it's time to get
the chicken ready to fry so in a ziplock
baggie I have some flour what you want
to do is put I don't know like five six
seven eight pieces of chicken how many
ever will fit into the bag I'm gonna do
a combo of wings legs and thighs just
kind of roll in the chicken around in
the buttermilk here oh here's a nice
little leg me myself I like the thighs
my daughter likes the drumsticks and my
husband likes the wings so that's why I
choose these pieces of chicken
one came apart so I'm not going to use
that all right once you have a few
pieces of chicken in here you're gonna
want to seal it like so get the air out
and then you're going to want to shake
it up make sure that the flour covers
all of the chicken in your bag if you
just take it up just go back and forth
upside down
should coat the chicken wall with the
flour now what you want to do is check
and make sure that your oil is hot
enough
I like the temperature to be about 360
so you know when your oil is ready if
you insert the end of a wooden spoon and
it starts to sizzle let's check it out
see if it's ready into the oil oh yeah
there we go it starts to sizzle your oil
is ready the temperature of the oil is
very important in frying chicken it has
to be hot enough but not too hot so that
it burns a chicken right now we're at
three hundred and sixty degrees
all right so the chicken that I put into
the flour I am now going to transfer
from my bag into the pan look at that
sizzle right away
be careful you don't want to burn
yourself the secret to great chicken is
making sure that you turn it frequently
that gets the ultimate Christmas and
color on the chicken
[Music]
you'll see this is already turning a
little bit Brown honestly you're gonna
turn this chicken over probably about 20
times before you're finished with the
chicken well this is browning on this
side I'm going to go ahead and add some
more chicken to my flour mixture over
here it smells so good
remember what I said a way to a man's
heart is through his stomach and you
definitely have to try this chicken
[Music]
so you have your pan that's prepared
with paper towel so what you want to do
kind of shake that grease off of there
and stick it on your pan to drain the
excess oil see the wings are nice and
golden brown and very crispy
finish I just wanted to show you what
your chicken should look like as it's
coming out let this excess oil come on
stick it on your prepared pan nice and
golden and crispy what it should look
like
[Music]